but damn it
but they broke out run oh I got a pistol
bad dude gonna go piss really cook hey
uh I'll be right back
oh my god what you you fucking spike
what did you do
no you you're not funny
oh my god like what did you you're not
going to the bathroom you get back here
right now
you're right here
oh my god protect me for loons shit you
into the bathroom I'm as happy as the
blues right now
a date is fun no way in hell oh do with
the door oh they did to the door where
are they they in the dork
apparently the balloons are freaking me
out
behind you man oh shit the guy I'm in my
body
fucking tweeted why did they make the
body solid they should remove that door
opens I'll make a piss no no no no door
down we go first do what I just felt
something we just felt something I need
to come upstairs man like in real life
real life yes
oh yeah and when you build somebody's in
the room like that kind of like you know
there's a TV on somewhere in the house
yes like an old to TV right next to my
head man my ear like my hair and just
completely changed
so three sucks yeah
mm-hmm
meat and butter he almost killed me I
wasn't I was trying to but now I am oh
you have I hope you have a good time
motherfucker oh I like my tricks gonna
backfire mmm what did you do yeah all
right
free yet again remember yeah playing
this map we're nothing that happens on
it are you really I thought this map had
like events and shit
there was events on it I must have been
a different map let me let me go look it
up on the
let's see the hello my god but catch ha
ha